To whom it may concern:

As a senior Software Develop Engineer of Evalueserve, I deem it a great pleasure to recommend Miss. Qi Fang, one of my best colleagues, as an exceptional candidate for admission to your CS master program.

Miss. Fang has worked with me for over 8 months. I have witnessed her rapid growth from the first day she joined our team. She demonstrated great originality, cooperativeness and sense of responsibility in the projects. She independently finished her first Django web project of optimizing the filter algorithm for a database information retrieval platform. Followed by her second projects of adding date and keywords search function for news inbox in our platforms, she got more experienced in binding data by AngularJS in frontend, extracting data from SQL server in backend, as well as handling REST framework and API issues. She tried hard to debug by herself when she met problems. I really admire her persistence, patience and intellect in solving a difficult problem. She can always bring some brilliant ideas of how to improve our platforms based on the need of users. That will also be a valuable talent for engineer.

As she got more experienced, she started to get involved in our latest NLP project for news classification. She not only implemented importing the NLP model as an interface to our platform and presented it in a user-friendly way, but also tried to preload the large datasets in backend, which saved a lot of time for users when using our services. Driven by her strong initiative, she always wants to do improve her code in maintainability and extendibility. She also writes excellent document for her projects and is extremely helpful in sharing her experience of studying and debugging with our team member and interns. 

To conclude, Qi Fang is one of my best colleagues that she owns the gift of both perspiration and inspiration. Such a quality, I believe, under your well designed program, will enable her to benefit your program honor while establishing herself. On this point I strongly recommend her to your department. Contact with me if you have any question.

Sincerely Yours,

Dinah Gao
Senior Software Develop Engineer
Evalueserve

Evalueserve Business Consulting (Shanghai) Co. Ltd., Suite 601, 701, Building - 88, Nong 777, Guang Zhong West Road, 200072 Shanghai, China
